Add strict-dynamic CSP docs (#1424)
clerk/clerk-docs: docs/security/clerk-csp.mdx

## Implementing a `strict-dynamic` CSP

If you'd like to implement a [strict-dynamic CSP](https://content-security-policy.com/strict-dynamic/), Clerk supports this, but with a different type of configuration. As strict-dynamic CSPs require a "nonce" value that should be programmatically generated per-request, the best way to make this work is within middleware that runs on every request. The following example demonstrates how to implement a strict-dynamic CSP with Next.js middleware, but the same approach could be used with any other framework.

```js {{ prettier: false, filename: 'middleware.ts' }}
  import { NextResponse } from "next/server";
  import { clerkMiddleware } from "@clerk/nextjs/server";

  export default clerkMiddleware((auth, request) => {
    return applyCsp(request);
  });

  function applyCsp(request) {
    // create a randomly generated nonce value
    const nonce = Buffer.from(crypto.randomUUID()).toString("base64");

    // format the CSP header

>     const cspHeader = `

Reviewer: The CSP directives here differ from the one earlier in the page, let's make sure they're consistent (considering the usage of `strict-dynamic`)

Reviewer: @jescalan this is missing `frame-src`

    );

    return response;
  }

  export const config = {
    matcher: [
      // Skip Next.js internals and all static files, unless found in search params
      '/((?!_next|[^?]*\\.(?:html?|css|js(?!on)|jpe?g|webp|png|gif|svg|ttf|woff2?|ico|csv|docx?|xlsx?|zip|webmanifest)).*)',
      // Always run for API routes
      '/(api|trpc)(.*)',
    ],
  };
```

With this `strict-dynamic` configuration in place, **all script tags must be passed with a `nonce` value** or they will be blocked. This can be done by passing the nonce value as a `nonce` parameter to the script tag. For example, `<script src="https://example.com/script.js" nonce="<nonce_value>"></script>`. If you are using Next.js, any scripts loaded through next will automatically have the nonce value injected.

With the above middleware, the nonce value is made accessible via the `x-nonce` request header. An example is provided below on how to access this value within a Next.js page.

```js {{ prettier: false, filename: 'pages/index.tsx' }}
  import { headers } from "next/headers";

  export default function Page() {
    const nonce = headers().get("x-nonce");

    return <p>{nonce}</p>;
  }
```

> If you're using one of Clerk's React-based SDKs, in order for Clerk to load correctly, the nonce value must also be passed to Clerk's `ClerkProvider` component. This can be done by passing the nonce value as a `nonce` prop to the `ClerkProvider` component. For example:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you're using one of Clerk's React-based SDKs, in order for Clerk to load correctly, the nonce value must also be passed to Clerk's `<ClerkProvider>` component. This can be done by passing the nonce value as a `nonce` prop to the `<ClerkProvider>` component. For example:
```

```js {{ prettier: false, filename: 'app/layout.tsx' }}
import { ClerkProvider} from "@clerk/nextjs";
import { headers } from "next/headers";

export default function Layout({ children }) {
  return (
    // Note: since this is server-rendered, you don't _need_ to pass the nonce, see note below
    <ClerkProvider nonce={headers().get("x-nonce")}>
      <html lang="en">
        <body>{children}</body>
      </html>
    </ClerkProvider>
  );
}
```

> If you are using Next.js and your layout file is rendered on the server (as is the case with the example above), our SDK will automatically load the nonce into ClerkProvider, and the explicit passing of the nonce would be unnecessary. However, if you are rendering the provider on the client, you will need to explicitly pass the nonce value to ClerkProvider.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you are using Next.js and your layout file is rendered on the server (as is the case with the example above), Clerk's SDK will automatically read the `nonce` from the request and pass it into `<ClerkProvider>`. If you are rendering the provider on the client, you will need to explicitly pass the `nonce` value to the client and into `<ClerkProvider>`.
```

```js {{ prettier: false, filename: 'middleware.ts' }}
  import { NextResponse } from "next/server";
  import { clerkMiddleware } from "@clerk/nextjs/server";

  export default clerkMiddleware((auth, request) => {
    return applyCsp(request);
  });

  function applyCsp(request) {
    // create a randomly generated nonce value
    const nonce = Buffer.from(crypto.randomUUID()).toString("base64");

    // format the CSP header
    const cspHeader = `
      default-src 'self';
      script-src 'self' 'strict-dynamic' 'nonce-${nonce}' https: http: ${
      process.env.NODE_ENV === "production" ? "" : `'unsafe-eval'`
    };
      img-src 'self' https://img.clerk.com;
      worker-src 'self' blob:;
      style-src 'self' 'unsafe-inline';

>       form-action 'self';

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      form-action 'self';
      frame-src 'self' https://challenges.cloudflare.com;
```

Author: With strict-dynamic, whitelisting domains doesn't work at all. I could just add `frame-src 'self'` here i guess but it didn't seem necessary

Reviewer: Is this the case for other directives that aren't script-src too? 🤔

Author: Did some research - you're right, it only applies to script-src. Modified this to mirror in frame-src. Thanks for catching this!
